when I see our company ranking number
one on certain for certain search
results in Google that I never thought
that we would be able to rank for due to
the competitiveness of our industry I
consider that a pretty positive result
and I started to see those types of
results within months of working with
breaking B2B so could you introduce
yourself your company and a brief
summary of what your company does sure
so I'm Dakota Heber I'm the chief
marketing officer at check writers we're
a payroll and HR company that aims to
make payroll and HR smoother simpler and
stressfree and I also host the HR
leaders Lounge podcast could you share
what SEO ranking on Google what it
looked like in your business before
partnering with breaking B2B as well as
some of the results you were getting
beforehand sure so this is an easy one
for me because SEO was non-existent at
our company before I started partnering
with Sam and breaking B2B we really
didn't do any SEO at all I always knew
it was something we ought to do and that
it was important but no one had really
explained it to me in a way that I felt
comfortable making an effective argument
of why we needed to do it with the
leadership at the company until Sam came
along and what would you say were some
of the
frustrations challenges or even pain
points that you kind of felt back back
then if you rewind kind of five six
months back sure so again my background
is not in digital marketing so I didn't
have a firm enough grasp of what SEO
really meant Beyond just a surface level
of oh you know it would be nice to see
our company ranking on the first page of
Google in those first few results um
when I look also at our industry it's
hyper competitive and I never really
expected us to be able to uh really make
a significant play or investment that
would pay off in SEO do you feel like
just to dive into that I guess a level
ER in terms of I suppose your company's
lack of visibility when it comes to
Google organic search and potential
prospects that could be searching for
your offer do you think that had much of
an impact on the business oh absolutely
I think that we were missing
opportunities just because we weren't
visible uh we do a great job of being
visible in person at trade shows and
conferences and associations um our
sales team of course does a great job of
of reaching our uh our Target target
audience but I knew that we were
invisible on Google and in this day and
age it just wasn't something that was
going to uh help us grow our sales in
the way we wanted to what were some of
the
hesitations some of the things perhaps
you're feeling at the time when it comes
to working with us was there anything
that made you on the fence about working
with us or anything you of thought not
really sure if I should partner with
breaking B2B sure so one hesitation I
had with partnering with Sam and
breaking B2B is that I had never heard
of them before so I've interviewed about
a dozen Big Time SEO agencies over the
past 10 years or so uh that you know
folks have heard of and are and are are
very they have bigname clients so I
hadn't heard of Sam and I came across
some of his content on LinkedIn and
thought hey this looks like a
trustworthy guy and I thought I would
answer his sales inquiries and I I
quickly found that um he what what I
thought was one of his weaknesses or
what I thought might be a hesitation uh
with partnering with breaking B2B um in
that I hadn't heard of them and that
they were a smaller team turned out to
be one of their greatest strengths
because he was able to provide a more
one-on-one experience and the nimbleness
of the team was a great benefit also
because I found them to be much more
responsive and not trying to pull the
wool over my eyes when just uh not try
to pull the wool over my eyes when they
were demonstrating the process you
you've cover covered a fair few points
there was there anything else that kind
of had that Tipping Point because it
sounded like we were maybe a bit of a
Challenger brand compared to some of the
other kind of well-known companies that
you've spoken to over the last few years
was there anything you'd add on to as to
what made you take the leap into
partnering with us yeah so one of the
other main things that um was always a
hesit
with my partnering with one of the
bigger SEO agencies is I didn't feel
that they were transparent particularly
on the pricing and the expected
results so I never wanted to take the
plunge so to speak with any of of those
companies just because I didn't feel
that they were being completely upfront
and honest about what to expect and what
our investment would be with Sam it was
uh much more clear-cut very transparent
he laid everything out in terms of the
pricing but he also laid everything out
very clearly in terms of what our
expected results would be and even
ongoing with the um with the process
that we're going through now the monthly
meeting it's a very transparent process
he opens up the do up the relevant
documents and shows exactly what he's
working on what we can expect going on
to the results side of things how have
the results been since you have
partnered with breaking B2B so the
results with breaking B2B have been
great from my perspective again I'm not
an SEO expert but when I see our company
ranking number one on certain for
certain search results in Google that I
never thought that we would be able to
rank for due to the competitiveness of
our industry I consider that a pretty
positive result and I started to see
those types of results within months of
working with breaking B2B kind of based
on some of the results that we've seen
so far I appreciate it's fairly early
stage but where do you kind of see the
business and some of the work we're
doing moving in the next additional 6 12
months a will say so I'm excited about
the next 6 to 12 months of working with
breaking B2B because just based on what
I've seen so far um we've hit the
benchmarks that Sam laid out very early
on in the process as far as targeting
certain relevant terms in our industry
and you know seeing after those efforts
us rank for those same terms has been
really encouraging I know that I've
gotten great feedback from my sales team
as well so I expect to see more of the
same over the 6 to 12 months not in a
negative way but just more that
we're being able to see those same types
of
results through the efforts that I've
gone through with Sam and and reviewing
reviewing the process that he's put into
place if you had to perhaps put your
finger on one or two of the the most
valuable components of our service and
our offer what would you say those might
be yeah what I like best about breaking
B2B is is the straightforward process so
again when I when I when I've talked
with bigger SEO agencies that kind of
like dominate this Market the the
process just always seemed very
overwhelming to me and there are a lot
of let's say corporate Jaron mixed in
there almost meant to in my mind kind of
Disguise the process but Sam and
breaking B2B are radically transparent
with their process it's very clear what
they're they're working on let's just
say like Layman can understand it and so
I really just appreciated that so from
my perspective the the methodical and
straightforward process is the biggest
benefit but then of course what any
marketer wants to see is results and Sam
was able to deliver on that in a very
clear way no I appreciate it and last
one if there's any B2B SAS or Tech
marketers or even Founders that are
perhaps tuning into this and maybe still
on the fence and wearing up their
options is there anything you you'd
share with them sure so if there's any
other marketers that are thinking about
partnering with breaking B2B I would
just say breaking B2B is legit trust the
Brit